grammar and styling for docs (#98)
lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory: docs/deployment/contract-deployment-options.md

- `uploadOptions?`: Specification `Object` how the metadata should be uploaded.
- `ipfsClientOptions?`: Optional IPFS Client Options as `Object` defined by the [IPFS-HTTP Client](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/tree/master/packages/ipfs-http-client#createoptions) library used internally.

### Default Values

- `version?`: defaults to the latest version of the [lsp-smart-contracts](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts) library.
- `deployProxy?`: defaults to `true`.

### IPFS Client Options

The property `ipfsClientOptions` is an optional parameter and so may be omitted. If no contract deployment options are specified, `LSPFactory` will deploy a **minimal proxy contract** based on the [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167. The proxy contract will reference the address of a base contract implementation already deployed on the network.

### Proxy Deployment

If you do not want your contract to use proxy deployment, you can set the `deployProxy` property to `false`, which will deploy a standalone contract with a constructor rather than a proxy deployment with an initializer.

:::info Info

> LSPFactory stores the base contract addresses for different versions [internally](https://github.com/lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory/blob/main/src/versions.json) and uses the latest available version if no one is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LSPFactory stores the base contract addresses for different versions [internally](https://github.com/lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory/blob/main/src/versions.json) and uses the latest available version if none is specified.
```
